# Swarm Intelligence System for Election Observers

## Overview

This is a swarm intelligence system designed for election observers (i.e., citizens who scrutinize democratic elections). It aims to enhance the traceability of the tallying process, thereby contributing to increased transparency in democratic processes.

The system is built using [Expo](https://expo.dev/), allowing fast development for both iOS and Android platforms.

## Features

- **Traceability**: Improve the traceability of the election tallying process.
- **Transparency**: Enhance transparency in democratic processes.
- **Cross-Platform**: Built with Expo, allowing for seamless development on both iOS and Android.

## Getting Started

Follow these instructions to set up and run the project on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/DresdenEngineering/testigos-mvp
    cd testigo-mvp
    ```

2. **Install the dependencies**:
    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```

3. **Start the project**:
    ```bash
    npx expo start
    ```

### Running on a Device

1. **Install the Expo Go app** on your iOS or Android device from the App Store or Google Play.
2. **Scan the QR code** generated by `npx expo start` using the Expo Go app to run the project on your device.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to improve this project. Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Make your changes and commit them (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Open a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgements

- Thanks to Tilo Himmelsback for his early support on this project. 

## Contact

For any questions or feedback, please contact us at [aepinilla.research@gmail.com].
